Id,JobTitle,JobType,JobDescription,CompanyName,Salary,Location,PostedSince,ContactName,ContactEmail,CreatedAt,UpdatedAt,ScrapingJobId
78,"Senior Food Scientist","Executes GFUS R&D initiatives to develop new and optimized products for key clients that support the overall Griffith Foods business strategy. Essential Duties & Responsibilities: • Functions as a scientist to develop new and optimized products in execution of technical activities that support key clients and the overall Griffith Laboratories business strategy. • Applies scientific and engineering principles in research, development, production technology, quality control, packaging, processing, and utilization of foods. • Works with some independence, exercising ingenuity and judgement in the approach to tasks. Responsible for the design, planning, execution, and reporting of experiments and projects with intermediate complexity. • Works within multiple priorities, projects and timelines concurrently. • Uses technical and problem-solving skills to approach projects. • Communicates project progress internally and externally with clients and suppliers. • Completes product formulation... activities to drive efficient production of safe and regulatory compliant food products. • Follows R&D processes to ensure efficiencies and effectiveness of function. • Maintains GLP's, GMP's, and all required laboratory records, using electronic systems and written protocols. • Supports Innovation activities that support the long-term strategy of the organization. • Functions as a support to Category Ingredient Specialist to provide consultation to colleagues on appropriate current materials and vendors to use to meet technical and commercial requirements. May approve new raw materials, aid in definition of WW Apps raw material status and rationalization of category and consult in Quality related issues. • Audits and works effectively with Manufacturing and Supply Chain during Commercialization. • May lead on-going core functional process • Represents R&D in professional business relationships with GFUS client and supplier base, academia, government, and corporations in the food industry. • Responsible for maintaining the security of all information regarding product formulas and related confidential information. Requirements: • Bachelor’s degree in Food Science, Food Technology, Food Chemistry or related technical degree. • Minimum of 6 years’ Research & Product Development experience within the food industry. Experience should include working directly with customers and manufacturing facilities",,,,,,,,,5
79,"Food Scientist/Sr. Food Scientist","Job Title: Food Scientist/Sr. Food Scientist Location: Westfield, WI Reports to: R&D Manager, Westfield Job Classification: Salaried Exempt, Full-time Job Summary: As part of the Research & Development Team, the Food Scientist/Sr. Food Scientist will work with customers and co-workers in the development of new products and improvement of existing products. About Brakebush Brothers, Inc.: Since 1925, our privately owned and U.S. operated family business fulfils its mission to exceed customer expectations with quality chicken products at competitive prices and provide a safe and quality work environment for our employees, consisting of competitive wages, great benefits, and optimum working conditions. Brakebush Brothers, Inc. currently has four locations. Our original plant in Westfield, WI is a further processing plant that houses the corporate offices and our fleet, Brakebush Transportation, Inc. Our Wells, MN and Mocksville, NC are additional further processing facilities and... the Irving, TX location is a raw portioning operation. Through high capacity production lines and a national distribution network, we provide over 200 products for Foodservice, Industrial and National accounts across the United States. Brakebush takes pride in continuous improvement, learning and development of our employees at all levels, employee wellness initiatives and ongoing support of our community and charities. We offer amazing benefits: Brakebush Center for Health onsite clinic (free to all employees): Physician’s Assistant, Medical Assistant, Physical Therapist, Chaplain, Counseling, Legal Services, Financial Services, 24/7 Fitness Center. Medical/Dental/Vision, Flex Spending Account, Vacation and Holiday Time, 401(k) with Company Match, Life and AD&D Insurance, Tuition Reimbursement. Optional Additional Benefits: Short/Long Term Disability, Accidental Death Insurance, Critical Illness Insurance, Supplemental Life Insurance, Telemedicine Services – Doctor and Nurse Line. Westfield, WI is our Corporate facility and home to many of our 1,000+ employees: Brakebush Brothers Inc is headquartered in the small central Wisconsin community of Westfield, Wisconsin. Conveniently located 60 miles North of Madison, 60 miles South of Stevens Point, and 30 miles Northeast of the Wisconsin Dells, residents of Westfield enjoy the quiet small-town lifestyle while still being able to access the quality entertainment, business, and industry of some of Wisconsin’s most popular cities. Essential Functions: • Develop new, innovative product offerings that meet specific needs in all segments of business (industrial, foodservice, and national accounts) • Plan and organize product development projects from concept through commercialization, including assessing customer requirements, producing test samples, developing product and process specifications, supporting product startups, and coordinating sample shipments • Use technical expertise to troubleshoot production challenges • Provide direct technical support to customers, including technical presentations/visits Required Qualifications: • Food Scientist: Bachelors’ Degree in Food Science or related field and two years in food manufacturing 2. Sr. Food Scientist: Bachelors’ Degree in Food Science or related field and five years in food manufacturing, including a minimum of two years in Product Development • Experience with protein product development • Customer-focused approach to product development • Strong approach to experimental design using the Scientific Method • Regulatory compliance knowledge, including USDA regulations, HACCP, GMP (Sr. Food Scientist) • Ability to appropriately prioritize multiple projects simultaneously, while meeting established deadlines • Ability to function at a high level in a team-oriented environment • Talent to develop and deliver succinct, relevant, and professional presentations • Strong organizational skills; strong verbal and written communication skills • Competent in Microsoft Word, Excel, and Outlook/other e-mail software Preferred Qualifications: • Regulatory compliance knowledge, including USDA regulations, HACCP, GMP (Food Scientist) • Experience working directly with National Chain Accounts • Culinary experience is preferred • In-depth knowledge of methods and equipment used in value-added poultry processing, including the ability to provide technical leadership to production personnel • Understanding of back-of-house operations in Quick Service Restaurants and Casual Dining • Familiarity with Child Nutrition equivalences, Product Formulation Statements, and nutritionals • Understanding of SQF; experience with SAP ERP system and Genesis software for nutritional analysis Supervisory Responsibility: This position will not have any supervisory responsibilities. Work Environment: Working conditions will vary as the job requires that the person work in both the office and the plant environment. Will be exposed to temperatures from warm to extreme cold, wet conditions, slippery floors, noise, etc. Physical Demands: Position will include extensive standing at times, sitting, lifting, wearing factory required equipment while working in production, walking, visual, responding quickly to sounds and driving. Position Type: This position will work during 1st shift. Occasionally, additional time will be required working during 2nd and 3rd shifts. Travel: Travel up to 30%, including customer site visits, Brakebush plants, co-packers, and suppliers. Other Duties: Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities, and activities may change at any time with or without notice. Brakebush Brothers, Inc is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in our hiring, training, or promotion policies. We will not discriminate against job applicants or employees for reasons of race, religion, color, sex, handicap, age, national origin, or any other basis prohibited by law. Successful completion of a background check is required",,,,,,,,,5
80,"Food Scientist","Livermore, CA Full-time $90k - $120k Posted 10/08/2021Title: Food Scientist Location: Livermore, CA Salary: $90,000 - $120,000/year DOE Requirements: Food Science, Bachelor's Degree, Nutraceutical Powder Based out of Livermore, CA we have been in business for nearly 40 years, and are currently an industry leader. We work with some of the top manufacturers of supplements in the world. Due to consistent growth over the last 2 years, we are looking to bring on a Food Scientist for a new position. We are a full-service contract manufacturer. We work across multiple nutritional supplement industries, whether they be for fitness, cognitive health, digestive supplements, or weight loss. We are consistently pushing the limits on how supplements work, and which ones will benefit us all the most. If you are a Food Scientist with experience, please read onWhat You Will Be Doing- Research materials and methods - Execute experiments - Gather data - Develop preliminary findings - Prepare and... present written reports. - Develops products that will include: new items, optimizations, and line extensions. - Assist with product development and trial schedulesWhat You Need for this Position- Hands-on experience in a Food Science role - Experience with: Nutraceutical Powder, Tablet, or Capsule development - A degree in Food Science or Chemistry - BenchTop, Commercialization or Contract ManufacturingWhat's In It for YouCompetitive Base Salary $90,000 - $120,000 Health, Dental, Vision Benefits PTO 401K Bonus PlanSo, if you are a Food Scientist with experience: 1. Apply directly to this job opening here Or 2. E-mail directly for more information to Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S. Preferred Skills • nutraceutical powder • Tablet • Capsule • Food Science • Chemistry • Benchtop",,,,,,,,,5
81,"Senior Food Scientist","Description: Join our research and development team as a Senior Food Technologist! We want your expertise to manage and lead breakthrough projects and lead complex technical programs from ideation through scale-up. Develop and collaborate with internal and external partners to introduce new innovations and technology that deliver new breakthrough products and learning for the global organization. Engage with us as you impact our success as a technical resource to various functions within the company and provide high-impact support to project teams. Innovate with us as you develop and refine food process technology from idea generation through proof of concept to commercialization. As you assume the role of innovator, project leader, and technical problem solver you will use your seasoned experience to collaborate with cross-functional partners to provide timely and cost-effective new innovation to drive growth within the plant-based space. Here's A Taste Of What You'll Be Doing ... Drive Business Growth - Creation and coordination of key global projects while giving general direction to accomplish learning agendas on technical and scientific investigations or development - Leadership - Demonstrating personal capabilities as a Project Manager, Planner, Coordinator, Communicator, and Technical Expert within the department, while giving general direction to cross-functional teams in accomplishing projects on scientific and technical investigation or developments - What's Trending? - an innovative mindset in discovery, advancement, and evaluation of new technologies in food/process research and development, and have a significant impact on new products, improved products and increased efficiency on global processes - Innovation/Creativity - to provide innovative, timely, and cost-effective improvements, concepts, developments, or scientific insight and understanding with respect to new or existing products or processes globally - Technical Expertise - Use your leadership and expertise within the department and globally as an expert in a specific discipline who keeps current with the latest developments and technology through investigation, training, and communication within that discipline - Operations Mindset - With an eye towards efficiency and operational excellence, you will play a leading role in the scale-up and commercialization of new products and processes within Kellogg's manufacturing operations Your Recipe For Success Required: - Owner's mindset and entrepreneurial spirit! - Bachelor of Science Degree in science or engineering or related field and extensive relevant experience - Experience in process development and scale-up - Ability to leverage consumer insight and merge complex technology to deliver innovative solutions - Proven track record of leadership, business acumen, communication skills, and diplomacy to build strong relationships with management, peers, internal and external technical and scientific disciplines in the effective execution of projects - Project Management expertise to manage several transformative projects Bonus Points: - Proven ability to build and leverage external partnerships and technology programs and translate emerging technologies to innovative food design solutions. - MSc in Food Science or related discipline or PhD in Food Science or related discipline with significant relevant work experience in a related role - Your experience in plant-based food ingredients, flavors, and emerging technology development in food industries will be an asset here! - Strength in effectively working with supply chain operations leaders, hourly employees in manufacturing, and suppliers to execute projects - Know-how to provide technical expertise on a portfolio of complex projects What's Next It's best to apply today, because job postings can be taken down and we wouldn't want you to miss this opportunity. The Finer Print - This role is based in Battle Creek, Michigan. This role requires travel and flexibility in your schedule since you will have the ability to travel 25-50 % of the time to domestic testing and manufacturing facilities. International travel required on rare occasion. - The ability to work a full shift, come to work on time, work overtime as needed and the ability to work according to the necessary schedule to meet job requirements with or without reasonable accommodation is an essential function of this position. - We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, ethnicity, disability, religion, national origin, gender, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, sexual orientation, age, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. - Where required by state law and/or city ordinance; this employer will provide the Social Security Administration (SSA) and if necessary, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), with information from each new employee's Form I-9 to confirm work authorization",,,,,,,,,5
82,"Food Scientist","Jobs Hiring Near Me Midland, MI – Food Scientist Location: Midland, MI The Food Scientist is responsible for the development of new products and the maintenance of existing products, under the guidance of the Vice President of Operations. This individual interacts directly with customers, operations and sales during the new product development and implementation cycle. This individual must operate independently, be flexible and adapt quickly to change and shifting priorities. Position Responsibilities: • Develop and implement new products using internal and external resources. • Interface with customers, suppliers, Sales and Operations to target formulations, conduct prototype development and coordinate on-site commercialization of new products and process modifications. • Maintain an understanding of existing and potential production capabilities. • Maintain development records, including physical and sensory test results and management and customer feedback. • Participate in... employee training activities. • Assist Quality Assurance and Food Safety efforts in concert with SQF requirements. • Maintain professional and technical knowledge by maintaining membership in food related organizations, attending educational workshops, reviewing professional publications, and establishing personal networks. Education/Experience: • Bachelor’s Degree in Food Science, Biology, Chemistry or related experience. • Experience in the food industry. • Must have excellent communication skills and the ability to work in cross functional situations. • Ability to travel on a limited basis. • Ability to work in a fast pace environment. • Experience in writing laboratory and operational procedures. • Strong organizational skills required. Job Type: Full-time Schedule: • Monday to Friday • Weekend availability Experience: • Food Industry: 1 year (Preferred) Education: • Bachelor’s (Required) Work Location: • Multiple locations Work Remotely: • No Work Location: Multiple Locations Click Here To Apply",,,,,,,,,5
83,"Senior Food Scientist","GRIFFITH FOODS Griffith Foods is a global manufacturer of food products. We provide a wide range of taste and texture components for food industry customers throughout the world. Our products include seasoning blends, dry mixes, coating systems, dough blends, crumbs, flavors, sauces and food bases that are used in an extensive variety of application from snack foods and processed meat and poultry to ready meals. Our customers include food processors, restaurant operators and grocery retailers. While our name may not be familiar to consumers, our products are key components of foods offered by many of the world’s best-known companies. Executes GFUS R&D initiatives to develop new and optimized products for key clients that support the overall Griffith Foods business strategy. Essential Duties & Responsibilities • Functions as a scientist to develop new and optimized products in execution of technical activities that support key clients and the overall Griffith Laboratories business... strategy. • Applies scientific and engineering principles in research, development, production technology, quality control, packaging, processing, and utilization of foods. • Works with some independence, exercising ingenuity and judgement in the approach to tasks.Responsible for the design, planning, execution, and reporting of experiments and projects with intermediate complexity. • Works within multiple priorities, projects and timelines concurrently. • Uses technical and problem-solving skills to approach projects. • Communicates project progress internally and externally with clients and suppliers. • Completes product formulation activities to drive efficient production of safe and regulatory compliant food products. • Follows R&D processes to ensure efficiencies and effectiveness of function. • Maintains GLP's, GMP's, and all required laboratory records, using electronic systems and written protocols. • Supports Innovation activities that support the long-term strategy of the organization. • Functions as a support to Category Ingredient Specialist to provide consultation to colleagues on appropriate current materials and vendors to use to meet technical and commercial requirements.May approve new raw materials, aid in definition of WW Apps raw material status and rationalization of category and consult in Quality related issues. • Audits and works effectively with Manufacturing and Supply Chain during Commercialization. • May lead on-going core functional process • Represents R&D in professional business relationships with GFUS client and supplier base, academia, government, and corporations in the food industry. • Responsible for maintaining the security of all information regarding product formulas and related confidential information. Requirements • Bachelor’s degree in Food Science, Food Technology, Food Chemistry or related technical degree. • Minimum of 6 years’ Research & Product Development experience within the food industry. Experience should include working directly with customers and manufacturing facilities. EEO AA M/F/Vet/Disability Apply Now",,,,,,,,,5
84,"Associate Food Scientist","Associate Food Scientist 6 Months Contract East Hanover, NJ Candidate will work remote until further notice-must be local to the East Hanover location. Must have COVID vac. Description: 1. Managing QDA panels and projects in food industry. 2. Executing qualitative and quantitative consumer research. - Create Gum/Candy/pan coating batches in the lab - Help coordinate and run pilot plant trials - Participate in lab cleaning and maintenance - Conduct stability studies - Perform analytical measurements - Help coordinate consumer testing - Update Interspec System (company ingredient and formula repository) - Attend meetings and product evaluations - Bachelor's Degree in Science (preferably Food Science, Chemistry or Chemical Engineering) - 1-2 years’ experience in food science. Experience with confectionery products is preferable. - Previous Laboratory experience highly desired - Must be able to lift 50 lbs. - Good understanding of GMP, GLP, FDA, and OSHA - Must be... willing and able to chew samples of sugar and sugar free gum/candy",,,,,,,,,5
85,"Food Scientist","Looking for a degreed Food Scientist with an interest in working independently in a technical position that encompasses all of R&D and a bit of QA. You will wear several hats in this satellite plant of a much larger company. A small food manufacturing plant in the Cleveland area is looking for a degreed food scientist with 3+ years of food manufacturing experience in R&D and QA This position supports development of food products by assisting in all stages of the product development process and application development. This includes developing products from initial concept through to scale up and in assisting production This position also supports quality assurance team by completing various functions such as audits and labeling requirements The ideal candidate must be comfortable working in the lab as well as the plant. SPECIFIC RESPONSIBILITIES INCLUDE: • Developing products at the bench. • Coordinate and conduct pilot plant scale-up tests • Support production in plant... startups. • Develop formulation instructions and perform sensory evaluation of products • Conduct shelf-life studies • Prepare product prototypes and samples for external and internal customer reviews • Manage ingredient inventories • Inspection of incoming raw materials • Assist with internal auditing and routine facility inspections • Supporting the quality assurance lab during production as needed • Support for Customer/ 3rd party and regulatory audits QUALIFICATIONS INCLUDE: • B.S degree in Food Science, Chemistry, Biology or culinary arts • 3+ years of experience in product development and recipe development • Ability to conduct basic analytic tests on food with training • Solid quantitative skills, with aptitude for technology and science • Willingness to perform taste tests • Competence with Microsoft Office software • Well-developed interpersonal skills • Ability to work independently Don’t feel you’re ideal for this role but know someone who is? Be a friend and tell them to apply! Excellent pay and benefits",,,,,,,,,5
86,"Food Scientist - Veggie","Join our research and development team as a Food Scientist! We want your expertise to manage and lead projects and assist on complex programs to develop and introduce new products from ideation through scale-up and improve product quality, productivity and capacity in our Frozen Veggie business. Engage with us as you impact our success as a technical resource to various functions within the company and provide high-impact support to project teams. Innovate with us as you develop and refine food process technology from idea generation through proof of concept to commercialization. As you assume the role of innovator, project leader, and technical problem solver you will use your seasoned experience and team up with cross-functional partners to provide timely and cost-effective new innovation and renovation to drive growth. Here's A Taste Of What You'll Be Doing - Drive Business Growth - Creation and coordination of plant-based meat analogue projects while providing general direction... to assigned cross-functional teams in executing projects - Leadership - Demonstrating personal capabilities as a Project Manager, Planner, Coordinator, Communicator, and Technical Expert in executing projects - What's Trending? - an innovative mindset in discovery, advancement, and evaluation of new technologies in food/process research and development, and have a significant impact on new products, improved products, and increased efficiency on meat analogue processes - Innovation/Creativity - to provide innovative, timely, and cost-effective improvements, concepts, developments, or scientific insight and understanding with respect to new or existing Morningstar Farms products, processes, and equipment. - Technical Expertise - Use your leadership and expertise within the department as an expert in a specific discipline who keeps current with the latest developments and technology through investigation, training, and communication within that discipline - Operations Mindset - With an eye towards efficiency and operational excellence, you will play a leading role in the scale-up and commercialization of new products and processes within Kellogg's manufacturing operations Your Recipe For Success Required: - Owner's mindset and entrepreneurial spirit! - Bachelor of Science Degree in science or engineering or related field and extensive relevant experience - Proven track record of leadership, business acumen, communication skills, and diplomacy in building strong relationships with management and peers and in the effective execution of projects. - Project Management expertise to manage several sustaining and transforming projects (product relocations, flavor extensions, renovations, new products, value transformation savings, or moderate capital projects) Bonus Points: - Deep understanding protein and of amino acid chemistry - Experience in meat science - Expertise in food preservation - Proven ability to build and leverage external partnerships and technology programs and translate emerging technologies to innovative food design solutions. - MSc in Food Science or related discipline or PhD in Food Science or related discipline with significant relevant work experience in a related role",,,,,,,,,5
87,"Food scientist - Market Research Study Compensated Consultation",NA,,,,,,,,,5
88,"Senior Food Scientist","Executes GFUS R&D initiatives to develop new and optimized products for key clients that support the overall Griffith Foods business strategy. Essential Duties & Responsibilities: • Functions as a scientist to develop new and optimized products in execution of technical activities that support key clients and the overall Griffith Laboratories business strategy. • Applies scientific and engineering principles in research, development, production technology, quality control, packaging, processing, and utilization of foods. • Works with some independence, exercising ingenuity and judgement in the approach to tasks. Responsible for the design, planning, execution, and reporting of experiments and projects with intermediate complexity. • Works within multiple priorities, projects and timelines concurrently. • Uses technical and problem-solving skills to approach projects. • Communicates project progress internally and externally with clients and suppliers. • Completes product formulation... activities to drive efficient production of safe and regulatory compliant food products. • Follows R&D processes to ensure efficiencies and effectiveness of function. • Maintains GLP's, GMP's, and all required laboratory records, using electronic systems and written protocols. • Supports Innovation activities that support the long-term strategy of the organization. • Functions as a support to Category Ingredient Specialist to provide consultation to colleagues on appropriate current materials and vendors to use to meet technical and commercial requirements. May approve new raw materials, aid in definition of WW Apps raw material status and rationalization of category and consult in Quality related issues. • Audits and works effectively with Manufacturing and Supply Chain during Commercialization. • May lead on-going core functional process • Represents R&D in professional business relationships with GFUS client and supplier base, academia, government, and corporations in the food industry. • Responsible for maintaining the security of all information regarding product formulas and related confidential information. Requirements: • Bachelor’s degree in Food Science, Food Technology, Food Chemistry or related technical degree. • Minimum of 6 years’ Research & Product Development experience within the food industry. Experience should include working directly with customers and manufacturing facilities",,,,,,,,,5
89,"Food Scientist/Sr. Food Scientist","Job Title: Food Scientist/Sr. Food Scientist Location: Westfield, WI Reports to: R&D Manager, Westfield Job Classification: Salaried Exempt, Full-time Job Summary: As part of the Research & Development Team, the Food Scientist/Sr. Food Scientist will work with customers and co-workers in the development of new products and improvement of existing products. About Brakebush Brothers, Inc.: Since 1925, our privately owned and U.S. operated family business fulfils its mission to exceed customer expectations with quality chicken products at competitive prices and provide a safe and quality work environment for our employees, consisting of competitive wages, great benefits, and optimum working conditions. Brakebush Brothers, Inc. currently has four locations. Our original plant in Westfield, WI is a further processing plant that houses the corporate offices and our fleet, Brakebush Transportation, Inc. Our Wells, MN and Mocksville, NC are additional further processing facilities and... the Irving, TX location is a raw portioning operation. Through high capacity production lines and a national distribution network, we provide over 200 products for Foodservice, Industrial and National accounts across the United States. Brakebush takes pride in continuous improvement, learning and development of our employees at all levels, employee wellness initiatives and ongoing support of our community and charities. We offer amazing benefits: Brakebush Center for Health onsite clinic (free to all employees): Physician’s Assistant, Medical Assistant, Physical Therapist, Chaplain, Counseling, Legal Services, Financial Services, 24/7 Fitness Center. Medical/Dental/Vision, Flex Spending Account, Vacation and Holiday Time, 401(k) with Company Match, Life and AD&D Insurance, Tuition Reimbursement. Optional Additional Benefits: Short/Long Term Disability, Accidental Death Insurance, Critical Illness Insurance, Supplemental Life Insurance, Telemedicine Services – Doctor and Nurse Line. Westfield, WI is our Corporate facility and home to many of our 1,000+ employees: Brakebush Brothers Inc is headquartered in the small central Wisconsin community of Westfield, Wisconsin. Conveniently located 60 miles North of Madison, 60 miles South of Stevens Point, and 30 miles Northeast of the Wisconsin Dells, residents of Westfield enjoy the quiet small-town lifestyle while still being able to access the quality entertainment, business, and industry of some of Wisconsin’s most popular cities. Essential Functions: • Develop new, innovative product offerings that meet specific needs in all segments of business (industrial, foodservice, and national accounts) • Plan and organize product development projects from concept through commercialization, including assessing customer requirements, producing test samples, developing product and process specifications, supporting product startups, and coordinating sample shipments • Use technical expertise to troubleshoot production challenges • Provide direct technical support to customers, including technical presentations/visits Required Qualifications: • Food Scientist: Bachelors’ Degree in Food Science or related field and two years in food manufacturing 2. Sr. Food Scientist: Bachelors’ Degree in Food Science or related field and five years in food manufacturing, including a minimum of two years in Product Development • Experience with protein product development • Customer-focused approach to product development • Strong approach to experimental design using the Scientific Method • Regulatory compliance knowledge, including USDA regulations, HACCP, GMP (Sr. Food Scientist) • Ability to appropriately prioritize multiple projects simultaneously, while meeting established deadlines • Ability to function at a high level in a team-oriented environment • Talent to develop and deliver succinct, relevant, and professional presentations • Strong organizational skills; strong verbal and written communication skills • Competent in Microsoft Word, Excel, and Outlook/other e-mail software Preferred Qualifications: • Regulatory compliance knowledge, including USDA regulations, HACCP, GMP (Food Scientist) • Experience working directly with National Chain Accounts • Culinary experience is preferred • In-depth knowledge of methods and equipment used in value-added poultry processing, including the ability to provide technical leadership to production personnel • Understanding of back-of-house operations in Quick Service Restaurants and Casual Dining • Familiarity with Child Nutrition equivalences, Product Formulation Statements, and nutritionals • Understanding of SQF; experience with SAP ERP system and Genesis software for nutritional analysis Supervisory Responsibility: This position will not have any supervisory responsibilities. Work Environment: Working conditions will vary as the job requires that the person work in both the office and the plant environment. Will be exposed to temperatures from warm to extreme cold, wet conditions, slippery floors, noise, etc. Physical Demands: Position will include extensive standing at times, sitting, lifting, wearing factory required equipment while working in production, walking, visual, responding quickly to sounds and driving. Position Type: This position will work during 1st shift. Occasionally, additional time will be required working during 2nd and 3rd shifts. Travel: Travel up to 30%, including customer site visits, Brakebush plants, co-packers, and suppliers. Other Duties: Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities, and activities may change at any time with or without notice. Brakebush Brothers, Inc is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in our hiring, training, or promotion policies. We will not discriminate against job applicants or employees for reasons of race, religion, color, sex, handicap, age, national origin, or any other basis prohibited by law. Successful completion of a background check is required",,,,,,,,,5
90,"Food Scientist","Livermore, CA Full-time $90k - $120k Posted 10/08/2021Title: Food Scientist Location: Livermore, CA Salary: $90,000 - $120,000/year DOE Requirements: Food Science, Bachelor's Degree, Nutraceutical Powder Based out of Livermore, CA we have been in business for nearly 40 years, and are currently an industry leader. We work with some of the top manufacturers of supplements in the world. Due to consistent growth over the last 2 years, we are looking to bring on a Food Scientist for a new position. We are a full-service contract manufacturer. We work across multiple nutritional supplement industries, whether they be for fitness, cognitive health, digestive supplements, or weight loss. We are consistently pushing the limits on how supplements work, and which ones will benefit us all the most. If you are a Food Scientist with experience, please read onWhat You Will Be Doing- Research materials and methods - Execute experiments - Gather data - Develop preliminary findings - Prepare and... present written reports. - Develops products that will include: new items, optimizations, and line extensions. - Assist with product development and trial schedulesWhat You Need for this Position- Hands-on experience in a Food Science role - Experience with: Nutraceutical Powder, Tablet, or Capsule development - A degree in Food Science or Chemistry - BenchTop, Commercialization or Contract ManufacturingWhat's In It for YouCompetitive Base Salary $90,000 - $120,000 Health, Dental, Vision Benefits PTO 401K Bonus PlanSo, if you are a Food Scientist with experience: 1. Apply directly to this job opening here Or 2. E-mail directly for more information to Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S. Preferred Skills • nutraceutical powder • Tablet • Capsule • Food Science • Chemistry • Benchtop",,,,,,,,,5
91,"Senior Food Scientist","Description: Join our research and development team as a Senior Food Technologist! We want your expertise to manage and lead breakthrough projects and lead complex technical programs from ideation through scale-up. Develop and collaborate with internal and external partners to introduce new innovations and technology that deliver new breakthrough products and learning for the global organization. Engage with us as you impact our success as a technical resource to various functions within the company and provide high-impact support to project teams. Innovate with us as you develop and refine food process technology from idea generation through proof of concept to commercialization. As you assume the role of innovator, project leader, and technical problem solver you will use your seasoned experience to collaborate with cross-functional partners to provide timely and cost-effective new innovation to drive growth within the plant-based space. Here's A Taste Of What You'll Be Doing ... Drive Business Growth - Creation and coordination of key global projects while giving general direction to accomplish learning agendas on technical and scientific investigations or development - Leadership - Demonstrating personal capabilities as a Project Manager, Planner, Coordinator, Communicator, and Technical Expert within the department, while giving general direction to cross-functional teams in accomplishing projects on scientific and technical investigation or developments - What's Trending? - an innovative mindset in discovery, advancement, and evaluation of new technologies in food/process research and development, and have a significant impact on new products, improved products and increased efficiency on global processes - Innovation/Creativity - to provide innovative, timely, and cost-effective improvements, concepts, developments, or scientific insight and understanding with respect to new or existing products or processes globally - Technical Expertise - Use your leadership and expertise within the department and globally as an expert in a specific discipline who keeps current with the latest developments and technology through investigation, training, and communication within that discipline - Operations Mindset - With an eye towards efficiency and operational excellence, you will play a leading role in the scale-up and commercialization of new products and processes within Kellogg's manufacturing operations Your Recipe For Success Required: - Owner's mindset and entrepreneurial spirit! - Bachelor of Science Degree in science or engineering or related field and extensive relevant experience - Experience in process development and scale-up - Ability to leverage consumer insight and merge complex technology to deliver innovative solutions - Proven track record of leadership, business acumen, communication skills, and diplomacy to build strong relationships with management, peers, internal and external technical and scientific disciplines in the effective execution of projects - Project Management expertise to manage several transformative projects Bonus Points: - Proven ability to build and leverage external partnerships and technology programs and translate emerging technologies to innovative food design solutions. - MSc in Food Science or related discipline or PhD in Food Science or related discipline with significant relevant work experience in a related role - Your experience in plant-based food ingredients, flavors, and emerging technology development in food industries will be an asset here! - Strength in effectively working with supply chain operations leaders, hourly employees in manufacturing, and suppliers to execute projects - Know-how to provide technical expertise on a portfolio of complex projects What's Next It's best to apply today, because job postings can be taken down and we wouldn't want you to miss this opportunity. The Finer Print - This role is based in Battle Creek, Michigan. This role requires travel and flexibility in your schedule since you will have the ability to travel 25-50 % of the time to domestic testing and manufacturing facilities. International travel required on rare occasion. - The ability to work a full shift, come to work on time, work overtime as needed and the ability to work according to the necessary schedule to meet job requirements with or without reasonable accommodation is an essential function of this position. - We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, ethnicity, disability, religion, national origin, gender, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, sexual orientation, age, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. - Where required by state law and/or city ordinance; this employer will provide the Social Security Administration (SSA) and if necessary, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), with information from each new employee's Form I-9 to confirm work authorization",,,,,,,,,5
92,"Food Scientist","Jobs Hiring Near Me Midland, MI – Food Scientist Location: Midland, MI The Food Scientist is responsible for the development of new products and the maintenance of existing products, under the guidance of the Vice President of Operations. This individual interacts directly with customers, operations and sales during the new product development and implementation cycle. This individual must operate independently, be flexible and adapt quickly to change and shifting priorities. Position Responsibilities: • Develop and implement new products using internal and external resources. • Interface with customers, suppliers, Sales and Operations to target formulations, conduct prototype development and coordinate on-site commercialization of new products and process modifications. • Maintain an understanding of existing and potential production capabilities. • Maintain development records, including physical and sensory test results and management and customer feedback. • Participate in... employee training activities. • Assist Quality Assurance and Food Safety efforts in concert with SQF requirements. • Maintain professional and technical knowledge by maintaining membership in food related organizations, attending educational workshops, reviewing professional publications, and establishing personal networks. Education/Experience: • Bachelor’s Degree in Food Science, Biology, Chemistry or related experience. • Experience in the food industry. • Must have excellent communication skills and the ability to work in cross functional situations. • Ability to travel on a limited basis. • Ability to work in a fast pace environment. • Experience in writing laboratory and operational procedures. • Strong organizational skills required. Job Type: Full-time Schedule: • Monday to Friday • Weekend availability Experience: • Food Industry: 1 year (Preferred) Education: • Bachelor’s (Required) Work Location: • Multiple locations Work Remotely: • No Work Location: Multiple Locations Click Here To Apply",,,,,,,,,5
93,"Senior Food Scientist","GRIFFITH FOODS Griffith Foods is a global manufacturer of food products. We provide a wide range of taste and texture components for food industry customers throughout the world. Our products include seasoning blends, dry mixes, coating systems, dough blends, crumbs, flavors, sauces and food bases that are used in an extensive variety of application from snack foods and processed meat and poultry to ready meals. Our customers include food processors, restaurant operators and grocery retailers. While our name may not be familiar to consumers, our products are key components of foods offered by many of the world’s best-known companies. Executes GFUS R&D initiatives to develop new and optimized products for key clients that support the overall Griffith Foods business strategy. Essential Duties & Responsibilities • Functions as a scientist to develop new and optimized products in execution of technical activities that support key clients and the overall Griffith Laboratories business... strategy. • Applies scientific and engineering principles in research, development, production technology, quality control, packaging, processing, and utilization of foods. • Works with some independence, exercising ingenuity and judgement in the approach to tasks.Responsible for the design, planning, execution, and reporting of experiments and projects with intermediate complexity. • Works within multiple priorities, projects and timelines concurrently. • Uses technical and problem-solving skills to approach projects. • Communicates project progress internally and externally with clients and suppliers. • Completes product formulation activities to drive efficient production of safe and regulatory compliant food products. • Follows R&D processes to ensure efficiencies and effectiveness of function. • Maintains GLP's, GMP's, and all required laboratory records, using electronic systems and written protocols. • Supports Innovation activities that support the long-term strategy of the organization. • Functions as a support to Category Ingredient Specialist to provide consultation to colleagues on appropriate current materials and vendors to use to meet technical and commercial requirements.May approve new raw materials, aid in definition of WW Apps raw material status and rationalization of category and consult in Quality related issues. • Audits and works effectively with Manufacturing and Supply Chain during Commercialization. • May lead on-going core functional process • Represents R&D in professional business relationships with GFUS client and supplier base, academia, government, and corporations in the food industry. • Responsible for maintaining the security of all information regarding product formulas and related confidential information. Requirements • Bachelor’s degree in Food Science, Food Technology, Food Chemistry or related technical degree. • Minimum of 6 years’ Research & Product Development experience within the food industry. Experience should include working directly with customers and manufacturing facilities. EEO AA M/F/Vet/Disability Apply Now",,,,,,,,,5
94,"Associate Food Scientist","Associate Food Scientist 6 Months Contract East Hanover, NJ Candidate will work remote until further notice-must be local to the East Hanover location. Must have COVID vac. Description: 1. Managing QDA panels and projects in food industry. 2. Executing qualitative and quantitative consumer research. - Create Gum/Candy/pan coating batches in the lab - Help coordinate and run pilot plant trials - Participate in lab cleaning and maintenance - Conduct stability studies - Perform analytical measurements - Help coordinate consumer testing - Update Interspec System (company ingredient and formula repository) - Attend meetings and product evaluations - Bachelor's Degree in Science (preferably Food Science, Chemistry or Chemical Engineering) - 1-2 years’ experience in food science. Experience with confectionery products is preferable. - Previous Laboratory experience highly desired - Must be able to lift 50 lbs. - Good understanding of GMP, GLP, FDA, and OSHA - Must be... willing and able to chew samples of sugar and sugar free gum/candy",,,,,,,,,5
95,"Food Scientist","Looking for a degreed Food Scientist with an interest in working independently in a technical position that encompasses all of R&D and a bit of QA. You will wear several hats in this satellite plant of a much larger company. A small food manufacturing plant in the Cleveland area is looking for a degreed food scientist with 3+ years of food manufacturing experience in R&D and QA This position supports development of food products by assisting in all stages of the product development process and application development. This includes developing products from initial concept through to scale up and in assisting production This position also supports quality assurance team by completing various functions such as audits and labeling requirements The ideal candidate must be comfortable working in the lab as well as the plant. SPECIFIC RESPONSIBILITIES INCLUDE: • Developing products at the bench. • Coordinate and conduct pilot plant scale-up tests • Support production in plant... startups. • Develop formulation instructions and perform sensory evaluation of products • Conduct shelf-life studies • Prepare product prototypes and samples for external and internal customer reviews • Manage ingredient inventories • Inspection of incoming raw materials • Assist with internal auditing and routine facility inspections • Supporting the quality assurance lab during production as needed • Support for Customer/ 3rd party and regulatory audits QUALIFICATIONS INCLUDE: • B.S degree in Food Science, Chemistry, Biology or culinary arts • 3+ years of experience in product development and recipe development • Ability to conduct basic analytic tests on food with training • Solid quantitative skills, with aptitude for technology and science • Willingness to perform taste tests • Competence with Microsoft Office software • Well-developed interpersonal skills • Ability to work independently Don’t feel you’re ideal for this role but know someone who is? Be a friend and tell them to apply! Excellent pay and benefits",,,,,,,,,5
96,"Food Scientist - Veggie","Join our research and development team as a Food Scientist! We want your expertise to manage and lead projects and assist on complex programs to develop and introduce new products from ideation through scale-up and improve product quality, productivity and capacity in our Frozen Veggie business. Engage with us as you impact our success as a technical resource to various functions within the company and provide high-impact support to project teams. Innovate with us as you develop and refine food process technology from idea generation through proof of concept to commercialization. As you assume the role of innovator, project leader, and technical problem solver you will use your seasoned experience and team up with cross-functional partners to provide timely and cost-effective new innovation and renovation to drive growth. Here's A Taste Of What You'll Be Doing - Drive Business Growth - Creation and coordination of plant-based meat analogue projects while providing general direction... to assigned cross-functional teams in executing projects - Leadership - Demonstrating personal capabilities as a Project Manager, Planner, Coordinator, Communicator, and Technical Expert in executing projects - What's Trending? - an innovative mindset in discovery, advancement, and evaluation of new technologies in food/process research and development, and have a significant impact on new products, improved products, and increased efficiency on meat analogue processes - Innovation/Creativity - to provide innovative, timely, and cost-effective improvements, concepts, developments, or scientific insight and understanding with respect to new or existing Morningstar Farms products, processes, and equipment. - Technical Expertise - Use your leadership and expertise within the department as an expert in a specific discipline who keeps current with the latest developments and technology through investigation, training, and communication within that discipline - Operations Mindset - With an eye towards efficiency and operational excellence, you will play a leading role in the scale-up and commercialization of new products and processes within Kellogg's manufacturing operations Your Recipe For Success Required: - Owner's mindset and entrepreneurial spirit! - Bachelor of Science Degree in science or engineering or related field and extensive relevant experience - Proven track record of leadership, business acumen, communication skills, and diplomacy in building strong relationships with management and peers and in the effective execution of projects. - Project Management expertise to manage several sustaining and transforming projects (product relocations, flavor extensions, renovations, new products, value transformation savings, or moderate capital projects) Bonus Points: - Deep understanding protein and of amino acid chemistry - Experience in meat science - Expertise in food preservation - Proven ability to build and leverage external partnerships and technology programs and translate emerging technologies to innovative food design solutions. - MSc in Food Science or related discipline or PhD in Food Science or related discipline with significant relevant work experience in a related role",,,,,,,,,5
97,"Food scientist - Market Research Study Compensated Consultation",NA,,,,,,,,,5
98,"Senior Food Scientist",NA,,,,,,,,,5
99,"Regulatory Affairs Food Scientist","Kelly Outsourcing & Consulting Group (KellyOCG), a managed solution provider and business unit of Kelly Services, Inc., is currently seeking a Regulatory Affairs Food Scientist for a long-term engagement at one of our Global clients. This role is a full-time, fully benefitted remote position. As a KellyOCG employee you will be eligible for Medical, Dental, 401K and a variety of other benefits to choose from. You’ll also be eligible for paid time off, including holiday, vacation and sick/personal time. All KellyOCG employees receive annual performance reviews. Please send your resume to Alicia Cali at alic019@kellyservices.com or call/text at 216.256.7768 Responsibilities: • Review supplier ingredient information, review product formulas, develop label copy including ingredient declaration, allergen statement, and nutrition profile, and review artwork in full compliance with all regulatory requirements and in consideration of all established policies and practices of the client with... respect to the brand as appropriate. • Develop and maintain required documentation and records per established policy and practices. • Provide regulatory guidance to cross-functional partners in support of growth, productivity, quality, and regulatory-driven initiatives. Qualifications • 7+ years’ experience with food, pharmaceutical, or consumer products company • 5+ years’ experience in Regulatory Affairs Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities • Must have demonstrated working knowledge of local Food and Drug regulations • Must have a high degree of initiative with ability to work independently and with minimal • supervision • Must possess excellent attention to detail with strong desire for project excellence and • completion • Must possess strong organizational skills with ability to multi-task and prioritize work • Must have strong interpersonal, written, and oral communication skills • Must have solid computer skills (Microsoft Office – Outlook, Word, Excel, Power Point",,,,,,,,,5
100,"Senior Food Scientist - Oak Brook, IL","Employee Type: Full time Location: IL Oak Brook Job Type: Research and Development Job Posting Title: Senior Food Scientist Job Description: With limited supervision, leads the design, planning, validation, and implementation of new products, line extensions, product improvement and technical service for TreeHouse Foods that meet product offering requirements within the Bars segment. Must have grains, cereal or bars experience. The role will have responsibility for internal and co-manufacturing projects. The position is based out of the Downers Grove, IL research center. Position Responsibilities: • Works collaboratively in the execution of development from bench to production scale for new products, product improvements and cost savings projects. • Works collaboratively with commercialization to manage project timelines and develop project success criteria. • Defines the formulation, nutritional and process parameters needed to develop a product which meets the project... objective(s); understands the impact of these parameters to overall project. • Defines raw material and corresponding process, ingredient and supplier qualification processes, and finished product specifications and set-ups through corresponding systems. • Applies sound scientific methods in all stages of development. Including planning and executing trials, analyzing data and defining solutions to achieve project goals. • Create new prototypes for product development initiatives and identify, evaluate and approve potential ingredients and manufacturing suppliers • Identifies opportunities for competitive market advantage and new trends in category. • Provide judgement and experience to assure that an appropriate level of technical knowledge and discipline are being applied and utilized in business decisions • Partner and communicate effectively with cross-functional groups: Business Unit, Co-Manufacturing, Sales, QA, Procurement, Finance, Operations and Engineering • Ensure the transfer of technology to the operations team when commercializing products. Provide technical oversight of internal and external manufacturing start-ups and ongoing technical service • Contribute significantly and continually to attain results through the generation and application of advanced, specialized knowledge • Generate and support pipeline work to drive cost optimization through formulation and processing efficiencies • Participates in customer presentations and/or preparing product, content for customer meetings • Ensure all activities follow established safety standards, regulatory requirements (FDA, UDSA & Kosher) and Good Manufacturing Procedures (GMP) Qualifications and Requirements: • 5+ years of experience in Food Science Product Development or related field • Must be able to conduct customer interactions, coordinate meetings and have strong communications skills • Must be a self-starter, independent, energetic and resourceful • Excellent written and verbal communications skills • Solid Project Management and commercialization skills and experience • Aptitude for technical leadership and project management Education: Bachelor's Degree Required - Type: Food Science/Engineering or Related Field Preferred Attributes, Qualifications & Working Conditions: • Knowledge of ingredient interactions/functionality; preference in nutrition bar development with an understanding of protein interaction. • Preferred knowledge of baked applications as well as cold processed ready to eat applications. • Communicate effectively and openly while working in a cross-functional team. Travel (other than driving) - Up to 30% TreeHouse Use Only: #IND1",,,,,,,,,5
101,"Food Scientist","Our team in Allentown currently has an opening for a Food Application ScientistYOUR ROLE & RESPONSIBILITIESEssentialDuties and Responsibilities:* Develop product prototypes on the bench, establish data and make technical case for product feasibility, write project reports* Be the hands-on technical expert on the functionality and benefits of the food ingredients being promoted by the company* Equip sales teams with essential product knowledge by conducting technical training sessions* Collaborate with Sales and Marketing to develop product concepts and formulate prototypes for proof of concept* Convert customer needs into technical project concepts, and conduct application research to provide solution options* Build cross-functional work relationships with the colleagues as well as customers and producers* Follow established technical report writing formats to document project reports* Conduct in house sensory and shelf stability studies as part of technical feasibility of high... priority products* Effectively communicate product ideas and technical test results with project teams and leadership during internal project meetings and with the customers* Write and document equipment and product development SOPs and follow food GMP practicesYOUR PROFILEQualification Requirements and Preferences:* Minimum BS degree in Food Science* Minimum 5-year hands-on product development experience with food CPG companies* Experience working in and, preferably, managing food lab operations* Experience working in a highly collaborative team orientated environment* Excellent oral and written communication skills* Excellent analytical, organizational and multi-tasking skills, as well as the ability to interact andcollaborate successfully with all levels and functional areas* Preferred product experience: Baked goods, pet foods, plant-based foods, meat analogue, processed meat, food microbiology and antimicrobials, vitamin & mineral dry blends* Understanding of current better-for-you food trends, including GMO free, organic, clean label, natural, gluten free, vegan* Knowledge and experience formulating with food additives (proteins, starches, hydrocolloids, binders, sweeteners, colorants, flavors, acidulants, nutrients, bulking agents, preservatives, fatsTravel as necessary (5-10%)Location:Allentown, PAOUR OFFER* We aim to create an environment where the best people want to work, where they can turn their passion into their job and realize their full potential* Individual development, on-the-job training, and development programs designed to help our employees grow in their careers* Competitive pay and incentives* Various healthcare plan options as well as 401(k)INTERESTED?We look forward to receiving your application for this position.Brenntag provides equal employment opportunities to qualified applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability or any other status protected by applicable federal, state or local law",,,,,,,,,5
102,"Food Scientist - Commercialization","Position: Food Scientist - Commercialization Team Company Description: Based in Northern Boulder, Colorado, Meati Foods was founded on the principle that finding the right protein should be easy and consumers should never have to choose between health, taste, or the environment. To achieve this, Meati Foods produces its own nutrient-dense and sustainable meat alternatives that deliver the enjoyment of animal-based meat while only using a few all-natural ingredients. Meati Foods provides its products under the brand Meati; learn more at www.meati.com. Company Culture: Our team is passionate about making the world a better place from a nutritional, mental, and environmental perspective. This passion translates into the culture of our office, making Meati Foods a lively, enjoyable, and inclusive place to work. This is an exciting time to be a part of Meati Foods and the growing plant-based meat category. The Role: The Food Scientist will be responsible for working with the... Commercialization Team to take products from bench top to commercialization in the Pilot Plant and the Production plant. This person will apply Quality and Regulatory guidelines as they scale up from batch to semi-continuous or continuous scale equipment. This person will also have expertise in ingredient functionality and food science and nutrition principles. The Food Scientist will work closely with the Food Development Team and the entire cross-functional team; including marketing and sales. Work at Meati Foods is faced paced and provides an exceptional amount of hands-on experience, responsibilities, and exposure. Responsibilities: • Utilize knowledge of ingredient functionality to optimize finished products • Work with ingredient suppliers to research novel ingredients • Product development – bench scale; including flavor, texture optimization • Commercialize bench scale formulations to Pilot Plant batch processes and to semi-continuous and continuous processes for the production plant • Optimize existing manufacturing processes • Establish strategic partnerships with equipment manufacturers • Maintain an ongoing notebook of quantifiable recipes and costing for scale up • Determine shelf-life parameters • Ensure operations are safe and effective Must Haves: • High standards of integrity • Proficiency with MS Word, Excel and Power Point • Passionate about healthy food and healthy living • Articulate and professional communication skills – both written and oral • Strong time management – getting projects completed on time, every time • Willing and active team player • Eager to take on challenges and wear many hats • Skilled problem-solving and analytical skills • Structured organizational skills • Able to work in a fast-paced environment • Dedicated to human and food safety and quality Education/Training: • 3-5+ years working for Food Company – either mature start-up or established CPG • Proven track record of working in meat-alternative space – formulation and commercialization • Experience working with Quality and Regulatory team • Nice to have: Project Management skills Working Conditions: • Sitting and/or standing for long periods of time • Work with and near fermentation and food mfg equipment Compensation: 80-100K depending upon experience Meati is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees",,,,,,,,,5
103,"Food Scientist","The Food Scientist position reports to the Director of Product Development and Commercialization with additional reporting responsibilities to the Senior Scientists. The Food Scientist is responsible for implementation of the activities, plans, and projects designated by the Director. This includes developing formulations, modifying customer formulations, developing LACF thermal processes, and support of all activities and documentation associated with commercialization of products in DFA's manufacturing facilities Job Duties and Responsibilities: • Project Management • Product Formulation • Product Processing • Thermal Process Development • Customer Sample Production • Plant Trial Support including Manufacturing Documentation Creation • Maintenance and preparation of R&D Laboratories • Maintenance, preparation and operation of Pilot Plant equipment • Ordering of ingredients, equipment, and parts • Batch Ingredient weighing • Support of QA&C group with regard to thermal processing •... The requirements herein are intended to describe the general nature and level of work performed by employee; but is not a complete list of responsibilities, duties and skills required. Other duties may be assigned as required Minimum Requirements: Education and Experience • BS in Food Engineering, Food Science or related scientific area required; MS preferred • 1+ year of previous food experience or a Master's degree Knowledge, Skills and Abilities • Must enjoy working in a fast-paced environment • Must enjoy working in both a lab and production plant settings • Critical thinking skills • Employ advanced Mathematics and Chemistry • Employ the Scientific Method in problem solving • Manage projects with regard to deliverables and schedules with minimal supervision • Communicate effectively with a wide variety of groups and technical levels • Adapt to changes • Strong project logistical management skills • Knowledge of production-scale processing equipment and issues • Basic understanding of technical issues/needs, financial, sales, and marketing as related to product design and development • Must be able to read, write and speak English An Equal Opportunity Employer",,,,,,,,,5
104,"Food scientist - Market Research Study Compensated Consultation",NA,,,,,,,,,5
105,"Food Science Technician","Prime Roots is on a mission to change the world by reimagining protein. Prime Roots’ foundational ingredient is koji: which has the potential to replicate the taste and texture of nearly any meat or seafood through a simple fermentation. The work of the team has been featured in the Wall Street Journal, New York Times, Fast Company, and Food & Wine. Prime Roots is headquartered in Berkeley, CA, and backed by the same investors behind Blue Bottle Coffee and Sweetgreen. We are seeking a Food Science Technician to join our team! In this hands-on role, you will work side by side with our food science team, and support both production scale-up and new product development of new plant-based meat and meal products. You will play a critical role in formulating and scaling our products for commercialization. From researching new concepts through creating recipes and ensuring seamless execution and in production, you will be able to see your work come to life! The ideal candidate should be... passionate about creating delicious, meaty, better-for-the-planet options for plant-based and flexitarian eaters alike. This role is based at our HQ in Berkeley, CA. What You'll Do • Assist with full product lifecycle processes, from formulation to scaleup, while ensuring product quality and safety standards are followed and upheld • Manage sensory tasting and sampling events (both internally and with external focus panels) including setup, takedown, analysis, and presentation of results • Test samples, create new recipes, and troubleshoot/modify formulas to meet quality and nutrition standards • Conduct testing of products qualitatively and quantitatively on multiple factors, including shelf life, stability, texture analysis, and sensory evaluation • Compile and analyze results from quantitative and qualitative tests by preparing charts, presentations, and reports describing test results • Assist in maintaining a safe, clean, stocked laboratory environment and safe and clean production environment • Collect and compile all necessary documentation and data management for samples, R&D inventory, and for scaleup • Execute data entry tasks and creation of nutrition labels and research on claims • Collaborate with vendors and external parties for lab testing, equipment testing/procurement, manufacturing, and for sample ingredients • Take bench samples to pilot and production both with in-house manufacturing and with co-manufacturers and co-packers and troubleshooting and reformulating as needed • Conduct microbiology lab testing on product for shelf-life testing and as part of QA/QC protocols • Aid team with project management skills to ensure key dates are being met Who You Are • Relevant degree in Food Science, Biochemistry, Chemistry, Culinology, Culinary Arts, Certified Food Scientist or similar program • Experience in product development and scaleup • Basic knowledge of food chemistry, ingredient technology, food processing and analytical techniques used in food industry is desirable • Able to work independently as well as in a collaborative team environment • Excellent written and verbal communication skills • Extensive experience using laboratory equipment and extremely detail oriented • Ample knowledge of food manufacturing equipment • Strong quantitative and qualitative data analysis skills • Experience working with novel ingredients and proteins • A love and passion for food! • Must be able to lift at least 50lbs and work in a physically demanding environment Perks Of Working With Us • Opportunity to work in a fast-growing innovative food start-up • Loads of plant-based foods to try • Competitive compensation and equity • Excellent growth and advancement opportunities • Collaborative working environment • Medical, Dental, Vision Insurance • FSA, HSA, and Commuter Benefits Accounts • 401k Prime Roots is an equal opportunity employer and we value diversity and inclusiveness. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status",,,,,,,,,5
106,"Food scientist","Prod Dev Food Scientist needs 3-5 years of demonstrated Product Development experience with food product formulation such as granola bars, rice cakes, cookies and crackers, etc. Prod Dev Food Scientist requires : Ø Knowledge and experience in product formulation and formulation chemistry, product development protocols, including formulation, stability testing, sensory and consumer testing methodology. Ø Good interpersonal / communication skills, both oral and written. Ø Proficient with MS Office. Ø Ability to stand for extended periods of time, and to lift 40-50 pounds. Prod Dev Food Scientist duties : Ø Work on specifically assigned R&D project either independently or alongside Product Developer. Ø Develop work plan, timeline and deliver on key project milestones; represent R&D at cross-functional team meetings. Ø Plan, coordinate, and execute product development via bench top and pilot plant work. Ø Prepare and process beverage samples Ø oversee shelf life testing Ø... conduct bench top tastings Ø schedule and produce products for sensory panels and consumer test Ø interpret data and make recommendations, as well as maintaining detailed records in laboratory notebook. Additional Information : Remote Job : No Employment type : Contract Last updated : 2021-10-14",,,,,,,,,5
107,"Principal Food Scientist - Temperature Controlled Pet Food","Want to build a stronger, more sustainable future and cultivate your career? Join Cargill's global team of 160,000 employees who are committed to safe, responsible and sustainable ways to nourish the world. This position is in Cargill's protein and salt business, where we provide wholesome, high-quality food products to a wide range of customers, from foodservice operators and grocery stores to manufacturers and exporters. • *Job Purpose and Impact** The Principal Food Scientist - Temperature Controlled Pet Food will coordinate, align and innovate by exploring, developing and implementing new and existing products. In this role you will tackle ambiguous problems and provide technical expertise to develop new products and production processes. You will help the product line evolve and develop technology and processes to create new capabilities and implement solutions to meet business goals. • *Key Accountabilities** + Work with customers to identify jobs to be completed and apply... learnings to product development, building customer relationships through sharing technical expertise to grow value-added sales. + Provide technical leadership in product and process development and improvement, quality systems and regulatory oversight. + Contribute to the development and direct the implementation of innovation roadmaps and plans aligned with the business objectives. + Collaborate with research and commercial brand to develop short and long-term testing programs for experimental and commercial products and hybrids. + Partner with sales, business management, marketing and customers to identify needs and translate these into new product development opportunities and solutions, from product inception through commercialization. + Other duties as assigned + Provide expert thought leadership in your field and work with limited direction, using additional research and interpretation to identify issues or problems. You may provide direction to supporting team members and be a strategic contributor. • *Qualifications** Minimum Qualifications + Bachelor's degree in a related field + Experience collaborating with customers to identify and create innovative solutions + Experience leading and working in cross-functional teams + Minimum of six years of related work experience combined professional/university in one or more of the following areas: pet food formulation development, ingredient functionality and product commercialization. + Experience working in a manufacturing or operations environment (university or commercial scale). + Experience with companion animal palatability, nutrition, and AAFCO nutrient requirements. + Ability to travel up to 30% + Ability to work in a cold environment + Ability to lift up to 30 lbs Preferred Qualifications + Master's degree or other post-secondary degree + Experience with commercializing products + Demonstrated financial and business acumen + Experience formulating wet pet food or extruded pet food products. + Experience with statistical modeling and interpretation of data. + Strategic thinker with ability to build effective plans to support strategic initiatives + Experience conducting continuous improvement events such as Kaizen, Six Sigma or Lean processes + Experience working successfully in a matrixed organization Equal Opportunity Employer, including Disability/Vet At Cargill, everyone matters and everyone counts. Cargill is committed to creating and sustaining an inclusive and diverse work environment where all employees are treated with dignity and respect. As such and in alignment with our Guiding Principles, Cargill's long-standing equal employment opportunity policy prohibits discrimination and harassment against any employee or applicant based on race, ethnicity, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, disability, pregnancy, genetic information, marital status, family status, citizenship status, veteran status, military status, union affiliation, or any other status protected by law. Cargill also complies with all applicable national and local laws and regulations pertaining to non-discrimination and employment. Notice to Recruiters and Staffing Agencies: Cargill, Inc. and subsidiaries (""Cargill"") have an internal recruiting department. Please review this notice. US Employment Resources: Equal Opportunity Employer, including Disability/Vet",,,,,,,,,5
108,"Food Extrusion Scientist","Why a Great Opportunity Global Company, great growth Job Description • This is a technical-track role for an extrusion scientist, utilizing extrusion technology, food science, ingredient engineering, and general process know-how in a product discovery & development role, driven by business growth in the high protein nuggets and meat alternative segments. The Role & Responsibilities This position requires a high performing individual to lead development of extrusion technology and related initiatives. The candidate must have hands-on experience in Extrusion, Food Chemistry, Food Science, ingredient functionality and/or related areas. Product development experience is essential. A demonstrated ability for leveraging pilot plant experiments to innovative concepts to full scale final products. The candidate should have a scientific approach that is hypothesis driven, starting from basic science principles and considers the fundamental mechanisms of Extrusion Processing and Food Science... A background in engineering would be considered, experience in Six Sigma and other Processes would be desirable. innovation requires effective cross-functional teams. The individual must have critical communication skills, particularly working in team situations across a diversity of experience, technical expertise, and individual backgrounds. The candidate will show an ability to work well in teams as a leader as well as a member. Typical duties of a Research (Extrusion) Scientist include • Apply the Scientific Method to frame hypotheses, design experiments to get relevant data, interpret and synthesize implications & conclusions, and ultimately to provide solutions • Coordinate interdepartmental and internal customer interactions involving technical issues • Review technical and patent issues; may liaison with legal department and have patent responsibility • Design and develop plans, proposals, and/or systems to initiate new products and/or improve manufacturability of existing products • Provide information, consulting support and advisement to external customers/contacts • Analyze all technical aspects of projects and recommend methods and techniques to be used and principles to be applied. • Troubleshoot issues as they arise • Write comprehensive experimental reports • Supervise the performance of research; assign and/or coordinate work • Prepare and present technical papers and presentations for internal customers/contacts • Some travel will be required (20%), primarily short 1-3 day trips to manufacturing sites and co-packers, with 1-2 international trips per year. Qualification profile Bachelor’s Degree in Biological, Chemical, Qualifications Food Science or related field with five (5) years of scientific experience in extrusion technology, three (3) years of which as may be gained at the next lower level of this series. *or* Master’s Degree in Biological, Chemical, Food Science or related field with three years of scientific experience in Extrusion Technology. *or* Ph.D. with at least one (1) year of scientific experience in extrusion technology or related fields. Specific Technical Competencies that are highly preferred but not absolutely required in all or in part • Extrusion Knowledge of • Theories, principles, methods and procedures of applicable field of science • Configuration design, experimental design, die design knowledge. • Mathematics and statistics Ability to • Coordinate the activities of others involved in project/research activities • Execute Six Sigma methodology (Green or Black Belt level preferred, but not required) • Work independently and among cross-functional teams • Design and manage projects • Apply knowledge in a practical industry environment • Supervise, train and/or coordinate the activities of subordinates involved in project/research activities Skills in • Collecting, processing and recording research data accurately • Communicating effectively verbally and in writing (emphasis on documentation of research methods, results and conclusions) • Developing solutions, both technical as well as resulting in novel products • Organization and management of multiple projects Qualifications EXPERIENCE: BS, MS or PhD in Chemistry, Biology, Food Science or related with a minimum of 5 years of experience with a BS, 3 years with an MS degree or 1 year with a Phd. Must be from the food industry ideally from a R&D/ Pilot Plant but will consider someone from a plant who desires this work. Looking for someone who can run trials and apply new product development via extrusion. Six Sigma is highly desired. DUTIES This position is open due overwhelming popularity of beyond meat and related products their Soy Protein plants are sold out. This person will work in Research running trials and applications to put their products in different and existing foods",,,,,,,,,5
109,"Food scientist - Market Research Study Compensated Consultation",NA,,,,,,,,,5
110,"Food Scientist (Tortillas)","Job Description Job Description Tortilla or Bakery experience This Jobot Job is hosted by: Taylor Thibodeau Are you a fit? Easy Apply now by clicking the ""Apply Now"" button and sending us your resume. A bit about us: My client has a rich and lengthy tradition in the food ingredients industry. From a small and simple food-ingredients distributor, the company has evolved into a multi-dimensional manufacturing enterprise that deals in proprietary, value-added food blends and a diverse range of functional products that specialty food manufacturers have depended on for over 30 years. Why join us? • Completive market salary and benefits • Great growth opportunity • Stable long term work • Friendly office environment • Relocation available Job Details POSITION SUMMARY This position is a salaried position reporting directly to the Vice President of Technical Services. POSITION RESPONSIBILITIES Reports directly to the Vice President of Technical Services and includes, but is not limited... to these accountabilities: • Formulator of ingredient functional systems for tortillas and potentially other baked goods. • Testing developed formulations using the tortilla equipment in the innovation center. • Provide technical support for customers, working directly with the sales team, to trouble shoot formulations and processes. • Stay up to date with developments in the tortilla industry and be constantly looking for new ingredient opportunities to differentiate companies' products from competitors. • Write technical reports describing test results or reviews of quality evaluations. • Work with two other food scientists developing unique customer solutions. • Be part of a team of that includes R&D, Quality and Production. • Evaluate, with the QA team, customer complaints. SKILLS AND EXPERIENCES • BS, MS or PhD (preferred) in Food or Bakery science required with at least 5 years of industrial experience, specifically in tortillas or bakery product development. • Experience developing formulas for tortillas or bakery products a plus • Resourceful problem solver who takes the initiative in addressing challenging issues. • Strong analytical and decision making skills. • Effective written and verbal communication skills. • Ability to work independently, and as a team member, who is approachable and personable. • Excellent time management skills, adept at managing multiple priorities. Interested in hearing more? Easy Apply now by clicking the ""Apply Now"" button",,,,,,,,,5
111,"Food scientist","Food Scientist Contractor needs 1-2 years of experience in commercial Quality Control / Quality Assurance (QC / QA) or R&D Food Scientist Contractor requires : B.S. in Chemistry, Food Science or related field (M.S. preferred) MS Office Experience in food / beverage / ingredient research & development function desirable. Experience with project management techniques. Moderate computer skills including Word, Excel, Power Point and internet. • Understanding of ingredient stability and interactions, sensory assessments, supply chain implications • Ability to self-initiate and manage multiple project tasks independently to meet business objectives Food Scientist Contractor duties : Ø Develop internal Ingredient Specifications describing the quality and functionality of ingredients used to manufacture beverages globally. Ø Leverage internal and external resources to develop ingredient specifications that are clear, concise and support the quality needs of production... groups. Additional Information : Frequency : Per hour Remote Job : Fully in-person Employment type : Contract Last updated : 2021-10-14",,,,,,,,,5
112,"Food scientist - Market Research Study Compensated Consultation",NA,,,,,,,,,5
113,"Product Development Food Scientist","Professional, managerial and executive food and beverage positions. Kinsa Group Hot Jobs and Current Food & Beverage Job Opportunities Welcome! If you are a Job Seeker, you may Sign Up below to Create Your Free Private Account . Our Job Seeker interface makes it easy for you to submit a resume to our recruiters and apply to job postings you see today. Note: Location is typically listed as the nearest metro area. Leave Location blank if you do not see desired results. Some jobs may be home-office based anywhere in the USA. Kinsa Group is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, and disability or protected veterans status. Discipline: R&D/Food Science Job Number: 10521 Industry: Meat Job Description Kinsa is recruiting for a: Product Development Food Scientist Our client is revolutionizing the way the world consumes meat and protein by... providing an affordable, healthy, and sustainable alternative to factory farmed meat. Due to growth they have an opening in their core technical team for a Product Development Food Scientist to assist them in making meat production ethical and sustainable. As a Product Development Food Scientist you will lead the food formulation of their line of alternative meat products, reporting directly to the Chief Technology Officer. • Base compensation plus 15% bonus and potential equity • Vacation and Holiday pay • Relocation assistance within the United States Responsibilities: • Design, build, and test benchtop and pilot plant experiments, gathering and analyzing data, documenting and reporting results, and making strategic recommendations for future product development • Lead the development of a new class of food products leveraging in-house manufacturing capabilities as well as commercial systems • Work with vendors to identify and procure new technologies and capabilities Education/Experience • MS with 5+ years (or a BA with equivalent) work experience in product development, food formulation, and food science • 3+ years of experience in new product development, from bench to commercialization • Track record of leading novel ingredient, flavor, or food product R&D projects • Experience developing plant-based meat or dairy products using state-of-the-art technologies • Solid understanding of food processing technologies and equipment for plant ingredients Please Note: Referrals are our best source for the top talent our clients need so if you know of anyone with these skills, please pass me their name / contact information, or forward my email to them if that’s more comfortable. Kinsa pays referral bonuses if a referral is hired through us! Mary Chambers Account Manager at Kinsa Group Account Manager at Kinsa Group. Mary has a Bachelor of Business Administration from the University of Wisconsin – Parkside and 15 years of experience in the recruiting industry, including more than 10 years as a Recruiter at Kinsa Group. Currently a Kinsa Account Manager and Executive Recruiter she serves our Meat and Poultry customers, Shelf-Stable Foods, Cannabis, Nutraceutical, Dietary Supplement, Pet Food, and Food Packaging companies. She’s a great first point of contact at Kinsa if you have a talent recruiting need within your organization. Login to save this search and get notified of similar positions. Related Jobs: There are currently no related jobs. Please sign up for Job Alerts . Login to save this search and get notified of similar positions. Kinsa Group Serving the Food and Beverage Industry Nationally Telephone: (414) 421-2000 Fax: (414) 421-6000 Email: recruiter@kinsa.com",,,,,,,,,5
114,"Food scientist - Market Research Study - $300 Compensated Consultation",NA,,,,,,,,,5
115,"Food scientist - Market Research Study Compensated Consultation",NA,,,,,,,,,5
116,"Food Scientist","SUMMARY: Applies scientific and engineering principles in research, development, production technology, quality control, packaging, processing, and utilization of foods by performing the following duties ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: • Conducts basic research, and new product research and development of foods. • Work directly with the Sales Team, Operations, vendors and collaborate internally with the R&D Team to develop products that meet or exceed our customers expectations. • Studies methods to improve quality of foods such as flavor, color, texture, nutritional value, convenience, or physical, chemical, and microbiological composition of foods. • Develops food standards, safety and sanitary regulations. • Tests new products in test kitchen and develops specific processing methods. • Conduct sensory tests to validate, direct projects and establish shelf life. • Provide technical expertise to solve challenges with ingredients, suppliers, regulations, cost restrictions and... manufacturing. • Create and maintain specifications and other key technical documents for new products. • Write manufacturing procedures and testing protocols to optimize production. • Demonstrate behaviors consistent with the company values, code of ethics and standards of conduct QUALIFICATIONS: • Requires a Bachelor's Degree in Food Science, Culinary Science, Biology, Chemistry or related field. • Minimum of Two Years' Experience And/or Training. • Strong communication, interpersonal skills and general knowledge in MS Office LOCATION: TBD Spokane, WA or Jerome, ID (Minimal travel between locations",,,,,,,,,5
117,"Food scientist - Market Research Study - $300 Compensated Consultation",NA,,,,,,,,,5
118,"Food scientist - Market Research Study Compensated Consultation",NA,,,,,,,,,5
119,"Food scientist - Market Research Study - $300 Compensated Consultation",NA,,,,,,,,,5
120,"Food scientist - Market Research Study Compensated Consultation",NA,,,,,,,,,5
121,"Food scientist - Market Research Study - $300 Compensated Consultation",NA,,,,,,,,,5
122,"Senior Food Scientist - Lipids","We eat the meats we do not because they are the tastiest, but because they are the easiest to industrialize. There is an inverse relationship between industrializing animals for meat processing and how delicious your steak, lamb chop, or ham is. Like humans, animals are what they eatso the ones who graze freely in nature beget better flavors. At Black Sheep Foods, were experts at recreating wild and heritage flavors using plant-based sources. We now want to become experts at structured fats and emulsion formulation, and that's where Ewe (yes, you) come in. We are looking for a food scientist focused on creating novel solutions for plant-based fat replacement and lipid-soluble flavor incorporation in plant-based meat. You will work closely with a small team of food scientists at our R&D kitchen in San Francisco to develop and modify the appearance and mouthfeel of our plant-based meat products. Successful individuals will be self-motivated, organized, and detail-oriented. We are... looking for a candidate with a depth of knowledge in emulsion formulation, structured fat development, oleogels, etc. Key Responsibilities: Work closely with the R&D team to develop new methodologies for integration of fat into plant-based meats, including the design of new structured fats. Design, manage, and execute experiments to understand how structured fats, oleogels and emulsions break down during cooking or the freeze-thaw process. Collaborate with the team to interpret sensory results and optimize the formulation to target the desired mouthfeel, juiciness, and flavor profile. Interpret data and provide formulation solutions to advance lipid-soluble flavor development and their encapsulation/release dynamics. Use analytical tools to understand lipid release kinetics, degradation, oxidation, and/or flavor outcomes Qualifications: PhD in food science, material science, physics or biophysics, chemistry, physical chemistry, biological or chemical engineering, or a related field. Prior experience working on food product development; experience working on plant-based products is a plus. Expertise in emulsion or oleogel formation, properties that affect their kinetics of formation and breakdown, particularly under thermal stress. Experience working with lipid-based flavors is a plus. Strong understanding of lipid characterization techniques, functionality, and processing, with experience in plant-based food matrices a plus. Drive to communicate clearly and function well as part of a multidisciplinary team. by Jobble",,,,,,,,,5
123,"Food scientist - Market Research Study Compensated Consultation",NA,,,,,,,,,5
124,"Food scientist - Market Research Study - $300 Compensated Consultation",NA,,,,,,,,,5
125,"Food scientist - Market Research Study - $300 Compensated Consultation",NA,,,,,,,,,5
126,"Senior Food Scientist","Job Description We’re a naan traditional company… What is the recipe for a great career at FGF?Working at FGF Brands, there is never a dull moment! As a successful company that is continually growing there is always challenging yet rewarding work to be a part of. We have an entrepreneurial spirit which encourages all our team members to use their own creativity and out of the box thinking to come up with solutions and new ideas. Let’s be frank. FGF is not for everybody. Our culture is unique. We dive headfirst into the unknown. If you’re fun-loving, talented and fearless, we’re for you. What FGF Offers: • Disruptive and a naan-traditional mindset • An inclusive and dynamic culture • Accelerated career progression • Commitment to learning and development • Opportunity to be impactful • Competitive compensation Summary As a member of the R&D team, you will help develop bakery products which can be reproduced in a large scale food bakery manufacturing environment. Primary... Responsibilities • Take lead in the development of new bakery products from concept approval, formulation, product development, plant trial runs to launch and post-launch review by collaborating with marketing, sales, project management, QA and production. • Coach, lead, mentor and train Test Bakers and/or Food Scientists. • Manage multiple development projects and timelines. • Lead product improvement initiatives. • Lead multiple Plant Trials (i.e. preparing specifications and guidelines for production department) • Accurately document recipes and results of pilot and plant trials. • Modify recipes as required to meet nutritional/qualityspecifications & optimize scale up. • Assist in formulation and development of new products to matchbusiness, customer, regulatory and cost guidelines. • Keep current on bakery product trends and consumer trends. Required Experience • 4 -5 years’ experience in R&D or product development for a food manufacturer of Baked Goods • Advance knowledge of category of expertise (Sweet good- cake baking knowledge) • Extensive plant experience • Experience managing projects • B. Sc. in Food Science or Food Chemistry or related discipline required • Intermediate technical, product development and application skills • Passion for Food! • Advance knowledge of functional ingredients • Strong computer skills FGF DNA We’re foodies and our passion is baked in… • Customer and Product Centricity – You are always keeping our products front and center. • Flexibility, Agility, Adaptability – You embrace speed, change and uncertainty. • Team Work and Collaboration – You are a relationship builder. • Passion for Excellence – You look for innovative solutions and challenges the status quo. • Drives Execution – You are a risk taker! Disclaimer: The above describes the general responsibilities, required knowledge and skills. Please keep in mind that other duties may be added or this description may be amended at any time. R&D",,,,,,,,,5
127,"Food scientist - Market Research Study Compensated Consultation",NA,,,,,,,,,5
128,"Food scientist - Market Research Study Compensated Consultation",NA,,,,,,,,,5
129,"Food scientist - Market Research Study Compensated Consultation",NA,,,,,,,,,5
130,"Food scientist - Market Research Study Compensated Consultation",NA,,,,,,,,,5
131,"Food scientist - Market Research Study Compensated Consultation",NA,,,,,,,,,5
132,"Food Technologist - Product Development","Perdue Foods is part of Perdue Farms, a family-owned company heading into its second century of growth and innovation. With a goal of becoming the most trusted name in premium proteins, we create products for consumers and for retail and foodservice customers around the globe, while changing the way animals are raised for food. Summary The Food Technologist is responsible for supporting the development of food products in support of the Company business needs. This person independently plans and conducts multiple project assignments. Their project scope will include supporting new products, quality improvements of existing products, cost optimization of existing products and technical brand maintenance. Principal and Essential Duties & Responsibilities • Promotes applicable safety, regulatory, GMP requirements in lab, pilot plant, and manufacturing facilities. Assists in writing of new policy and procedures as needed. • Executes with little to no guidance multiple projects to grow... top line volume in support of new product development as a % of revenue goals. Conducts and leads required lab, pilot plant and plant experimentation. • Expert in product development process including: Materials, food processes, sensory testing, customer & consumer testing, NPD stage gate process, costing, plant trials commercialization, and related processes. • Documents all development work accurately. This includes written documentation of lab work, product showings, and plant trials in a timely manner with little to no guidance. • Prepares accurate and timely specifications for all products developed. This includes: materials, formula, process and finished product with little to no guidance. • The technical customer and consumer expert for assigned products and channels. Understands who the customer and consumer is, why and how they use our products. • Interacts cross-functionally with Marketing, Purchasing, QA and Operations to successfully implement new product developments. • Leads Product Showings to evaluate products developed and competition. • Mentors junior technical personnel. • Interacts with customers as needed. Minimum Education • Bachelors degree in Food Science, Meat Science, Packaging, Process Engineering or related discipline Experience Requirements • Bachelors with 3-5 years - Master's Degree a plus! • Must have technical problem solving skills, excellent oral, written, communication and planning skills. • Ability to coordinate multi-task projects; results oriented; prior supervisory experience. • Expert Knowledge of the product development process from idea generation, bench top, scale up and commercialization. • Ability to influence necessary cross-functional partners for successful implementation of projects. • Knowledge of ingredients including functionality, allergen considerations and cost. • Understanding of food manufacturing processes and the sequence of events necessary to convert raw materials to finished products. • Expert in poultry processing and/or related food product systems. • Able to travel up to 25% of the time. Environmental Factors and Physical Requirements • May need to move light equipment or supplies from one place to another. • May need to access files, supplies and equipment. • When in a plant environment: • Exposure primarily consists of wet and moist floors which include metal and plastic grating surfaces. • May be exposed to temperatures of 28 degrees to 100 degrees Fahrenheit with both ambient and 100% humidity. • May handle product 25 degrees to 50 degrees Fahrenheit. • May be exposed to noise ranges of 50 db to 110 db. • May be exposed to all chemicals used in poultry, food, processing facility. Must wear and use protective and safety equipment required for the job as directed by the Company. Perdue Farms, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status",,,,,,,,,5
133,"Food scientist - Market Research Study Compensated Consultation",NA,,,,,,,,,5
134,"Food scientist - Market Research Study Compensated Consultation",NA,,,,,,,,,5
135,"Food scientist - Market Research Study - $300 Compensated Consultation",NA,,,,,,,,,5
